---
date: '2008-12-01 14:00:00'
layout: post
slug: go-sequencer-update
status: publish
title: Go Sequencer Update
wordpress_id: '30'
categories:
- Max/MSP
- Music
- Programming
---

So a considerable amount of Friday night and Sunday afternoon was spent playing with the Go sequencer. It's actually in a reasonable state of working-ness, in-so-much-as I have the camera feeding into Max/MSP/Jitter and using the very excellent CV Jitter externals ([http://www.iamas.ac.jp/~jovan02/cv/](http://www.iamas.ac.jp/%7Ejovan02/cv/) go look) I have the patch finding black and white objects on a wooden board and then updating their co-ordinates into a matrix grid.

There are (obviously) a few problems. The web-cam isn't great as its only a cheapo USB affair and so the grainy-ness of the image leads to coordinates of the objects moving around a bit too much. This can probably be fixed with some amount of calibration and tweaking but I'm not going to do that until I've built some sort of proper rig to hold the camera and lighting above the board.

Also, some minor form of movement detection needs to be done so that when I put stones on the board the matrix won't be updated with coordinates caused by my hand. In fairness I'll probably use the random data generated by putting my hand in the way for something later, but let's just get the basics done first, eh?

There will be pictures when I get home (currently on my lunch break, the man has ceased his flogging in order to let me go and get ham sandwiches), as well as some basic design flow diagrams and probably the patch as well.

So far the greatest lesson I have learnt, is that any project that doesn't require building anything complicated gets reasonable results a lot quicker. Computer Scientists have it easy I tells ya.

Until later

Guy
